d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.dll
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.pdb
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.dll
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.pdb
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\SQLPersonDB.mdf
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\SQLPersonDB_log.ldf
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.exe
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.pdb
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
d:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\DesktopClient.exe
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\Aspose.Imaging.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\SimplePsd.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\DesktopClient.pdb
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\obj\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.pdb
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\SQLPersonDB.mdf
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\SQLPersonDB_log.ldf
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.Tests.pdb
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.exe
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationServer.pdb
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
D:\Documents\Dropbox\Education\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Multitier Project\ApplicationServer\src\ApplicationServer.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
